Issue template creation (#98)
astronomer/docs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/issue_template.md

title: ''
labels:
assignees: ''

---

## What kind of documentation change are you requesting?

* **New document, topic, or other piece of content**: Add the `newcontent` label to this issue. 
* **Fix to an existing document**: See below for what labels to add
  
### For new documents, answer the following questions**

_What is the purpose of the document? Select all that apply:_
- [ ] Setup steps a new feature for an upcoming release (Add the appropriate version label to this issue). 
- [ ] Information for an existing feature that isn't yet documented.
- [ ] Additional considerations/ reference material for an existing feature or document.

#### _Describe the problem/ feature that requires documentation:_
  
#### _Describe what should be included in the document, making sure to outline what users should be able to achieve with the doc. In addition, include links to any relevant existing documentation, support tickets, messages, or external content:_
  
#### _Are you the right person to review a draft of the document for technical accuracy? If not, who is?_ 
  
### For fixes, complete the following sections:
  
#### _Link to affected document:_
  
#### _How severe is the problem?_

> - [ ] Important to fix: The document has incorrect or missing information that is preventing customers from being successful (Add the `error/itf` label to this issue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Critical: The document has incorrect or missing information that is preventing customers from being successful (Add the `error/itf` label to this issue).
```

I like the term "critical", but don't feel that strongly. In any case, I think the important thing here is that these "categories" of prioritization match the labels in this repo - i.e. if the person creates a new issue and checks off "Useful" - they should also add a "useful" label to the issue.
